README.md, before:

# VaneMiner
## a vanitygen-based proof-of-work mining software for Snatcoin

### Installation:
This software is currently only supported on Linux 64-bit and Windows 32/64-bit.

Install Node.js 8.2.1 ("Latest Features").

 - [For Windows](https://nodejs.org/en/)
 - [Unix-like OSes (Linux) should use NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)
 - If neither of the above, you probably already have it installed.
   (MAKE SURE YOU HAVE NODE 7 OR HIGHER!!!!)

### Usage:

#### Windows
Download as .zip from GitHub and extract to a folder.
To install necessary libraries, double-click `run-me-first.bat`.

After installing libraries, you may now use the `vaneminer.bat` file to start
mining. VaneMiner will automatically download the correct Vanitygen.exe for
your Windows version.

#### Unix-like
Running via command line:
```
index.js [-g] <your snatcoin address> <vanitygen options...>


Options:
  -h, --help       Show help                                           [boolean]
  -g, --gpu        Use OpenCL Vanitygen for faster mining on supported graphics
                   cards                              [boolean] [default: false]
  -p, --prefix     Prefix for Vanitygen to use (e.g. 1snat, 1snats)
                                                     [string] [default: "1snat"]
  -s, --sensitive  Make Vanitygen mine case-sentitively (e.g. mine only for
                   1SNATS, not 1Snats)                [boolean] [default: false]
```

VaneMiner will automatically download the correct `vanitygen` binary for your
platform.

### Contribution:

The source code is in the `_coffee/` folder. `index.js` is compiled by
CoffeeScript 2.0 with gulp. Use `yarn install --dev` to install gulp, etc.

Currently, I'd like VaneMiner to support extra platforms like RPi, etc.
Please feel free to send pull requests with links to binaries for other
architectures and update my `minerExe` switch statements in index.coffee
to download those binaries.

Written by [@tphecca](https://github.com/tphecca) of [Divergent Thinking](http://github.com/DivergentThinking).
Donate Snatcoin here: `1DrhbvTnnz8UdF4QoY5jRwivhZ82uT67YK`. Thanks!

Commit message:

Allow actually setting Vanitygen options via env var

README.md, after:

# VaneMiner
## a vanitygen-based proof-of-work mining software for Snatcoin

### Installation:
This software is currently only supported on Linux 64-bit and Windows 32/64-bit.

Install Node.js 8.2.1 ("Latest Features").

 - [For Windows](https://nodejs.org/en/)
 - [Unix-like OSes (Linux) should use NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)
 - If neither of the above, you probably already have it installed.
   (MAKE SURE YOU HAVE NODE 7 OR HIGHER!!!!)

### Usage:

#### Windows
Download as .zip from GitHub and extract to a folder.
To install necessary libraries, double-click `run-me-first.bat`.

After installing libraries, you may now use the `vaneminer.bat` file to start
mining. VaneMiner will automatically download the correct Vanitygen.exe for
your Windows version.

#### Unix-like
Running via command line:
```
index.js [-g] <your snatcoin address>
Use environment variable VANITYGEN_OPTIONS to set options for Vanitygen.

Options:
  -h, --help       Show help                                           [boolean]
  -g, --gpu        Use OpenCL Vanitygen for faster mining on supported graphics
                   cards                              [boolean] [default: false]
  -p, --prefix     Prefix for Vanitygen to use (e.g. 1snat, 1snats)
                                                     [string] [default: "1snat"]
  -s, --sensitive  Make Vanitygen mine case-sentitively (e.g. mine only for
                   1SNATS, not 1Snats)                [boolean] [default: false]
```

VaneMiner will automatically download the correct `vanitygen` binary for your
platform.

### Contribution:

The source code is in the `_coffee/` folder. `index.js` is compiled by
CoffeeScript 2.0 with gulp. Use `yarn install --dev` to install gulp, etc.

Currently, I'd like VaneMiner to support extra platforms like RPi, etc.
Please feel free to send pull requests with links to binaries for other
architectures and update my `minerExe` switch statements in index.coffee
to download those binaries.

Written by [@tphecca](https://github.com/tphecca) of [Divergent Thinking](http://github.com/DivergentThinking).
Donate Snatcoin here: `1DrhbvTnnz8UdF4QoY5jRwivhZ82uT67YK`. Thanks!
